1. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
2. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
3. "Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard." - Tim Notke
4. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
5. "Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do." - Pele
6. "The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work." - Harry Golden
7. "There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." - Beverly Sills
8. "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
9. "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
10. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
11. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
12. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
13. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
14. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
15. "Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them." - Ann Landers
16. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
17. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
18. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh (Alice in Wonderland)
19. "Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
20. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis